docs: Document cbuildrt build method (#329)
managarm/managarm: docs/src/building/index.md

### Build environment
To make sure that all build environments work properly, it is recommended to
setup a build environment with our lightweight containerized build runtime [cbuildrt](https://github.com/managarm/cbuildrt) (see below for instructions).
It is also possible to build with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) 
(see [here](with-docker.md)), or by installing the dependencies manually (see [here](with-manual.md)), but these methods are no longer recommended.

> Make sure that you have atleast 20 - 30 GiB of free disk space.

Reviewer: Not changed in this PR, but still worthwhile to fix:
```suggestion
Make sure that you have at least 20 - 30 GiB of free disk space.
```

#### Preparations

1.  Create a directory which will be used for storing the
source and build directories. Here we use `~/managarm`, but it can be any directory.
    ```sh
    mkdir ~/managarm && cd ~/managarm
    ```
2.  Install the `xbstrap` build system via `pip3`:
    ```bash
    pip3 install xbstrap
    ```

> 3.  Install `git`, `subversion` and `mercurial`. Install these via your package manager.

Reviewer: I think the previous wording was a bit more clear here:
> The `git`, `subversion` and `mercurial` tools are required on the host (whether you build in a container or not). Install these via your package manager.

4.  Clone this repository into a `src` directory and create a `build` directory:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/managarm/bootstrap-managarm.git src
    mkdir build
    ```

### Creating a `cbuildrt` environment

1.  Download and install the latest `cbuildrt` release by running:
    ```bash

>     xbstrap prereqs cbuildrt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    xbstrap prereqs cbuildrt xbps
```
